Translated readme.md sections into English (#56)
savushkin-r-d/EasyEPLANner: ReadMe.md

### Пользовательская документация
По [этой](docs/user_manual/readme.md) ссылке вы можете найти последнюю версию пользовательской документации к проекту.

> ###  Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Contributing
```

> If you want to contribute to the development of our project then  check out [how to do it batter](docs/contributing.md) befor you start .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to the development of our project then  check out [how to do it better](docs/contributing.md) befor you start .
```

> If you want to contribute to the development of our project then  check out [how to do it better](docs/contributing.md) befor you start .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to the development of our project then  check out [how to do it better](docs/contributing.md) before you start.
```

### Feedback

> If you wont to contact with us you can use some ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to contact with us you can use some ways:
```

* [Google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/easyeplanner);

> * Chennel in [Slack](https://slack.com) - easyeplanner.slack.com.

Reviewer 2: Слово "Channel" написано с ошибкой.

### Code of conduct

> We [use](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We [using](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
```

> standart behavior(communication),provided by the GitHub service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
standart behavior rules (communication), provided by the GitHub service.
```

И строка 28 из старого варианта превратилась в 2 строки, надо написать это все в одному строку.

> standart behavior rules (communication), provided by the GitHub service.

Reviewer: Use one line (corrected):
We [use](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) standart behavior rules (communication), provided by the GitHub service.

### Code style

> We using C# and LUA programming languages for development. We have [own set of agreements](docs/codestyle.md), which you need to stick to make the code convenient and readable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use C# and LUA programming languages for development. We have [own set of agreements](docs/codestyle.md), which you must follow to make the code convenient and readable.
```

> For development, a programming language is used - C #, as well as Lua. We have [own set of agreements](docs/codestyle.md), which you need to adhere to make the code convenient and readable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We using C# and LUA programming languages for development. We have [own set of agreements](docs/codestyle.md), which you need to stick to make the code convenient and readable.
```

### License

> The project is licensed under[MIT](LICENSE.txt) license.

Reviewer 2: Отсутствует пробел между under и [MIT]
